Kalshi v Polymarket: Deconstructing war-time bets during U.S.-Israel war on Iran




On Feb. 28, at 11:37 PM President Donald Trump announced on Truth Social, “Khamenei, one of the most evil people in History, is dead.” However, on Polymarket’s highest-trending market, traders had gone from 27% voting buying the Yes option a day before at 7 PM, to 96% just 24 hours later, still a few hours before Trump’s announcement. 


The comment section of “Khamenei out as Supreme Leader of Iran by February 28?” opens a window into the dissatisfaction that many traders will walk away with, once the market resolves. 


With a $96 million trading volume, the top comment in the discussion says “I JUST DISPUTED THIS I TOLD  YOU FUCKS I WOULD NOT STAND FOR A FALSE RESOLUTION.”


The discussion in the comments points to a heated debate over how this market should be resolved. Some traders claim it would be unfair to conclude that Khamenei was killed on Feb. 28, because the Iranian government confirmed his death on Mar. 1. 


Others believe owing to Iran’s constitutional requirements regarding transfer of power, it only makes sense to resolve the market based on when the U.S. airstrike killed Khamenei. 


Pitting Kalshi against Polymarket, traders are furiously arguing how these markets are approaching resolving war-time bets. 




Kalshi and Polymarket approach war-time bets differently


In a statement on X, Kalshi CEO Tarek Mansour said, “We don’t list markets directly tied to death.” This was in response to growing concerns among prediction market traders regarding how Kalshi will end up resolving the market “Ali Khamenei out as Supreme Leader?” 


A disclaimer on the website reads, “If Ali Khamenei dies, the market will resolve upon the confirmed reporting of the death, based on the last traded price prior to death.” Citing Kalshi Rule 13.1, the market was paused, pending further review, confirming that Kalshi will reimburse lost value due to trades made between these clarifications.
Both headquartered in New York City, Kalshi and Polymarket dealt with Iran-related predictions differently because their operating structures are different 




Betting patterns on Polymarket: 12-Day war vs the ongoing escalation 


Traders took betting on Iran a lot more seriously in the last two days, than they did last year during the 12-Day war. Out of the 33 Iran-related markets on Polymarket analyzed here, 20 are linked to the recent strikes. 


Coindesk reports Iran-related bets this time around top $529 million, making it one of the most-traded contracts Polymarket has ever hosted. This burgeoning interest may be directly tied to the U.S.’s enthusiastic involvement. 


A handful of blockbuster markets are attracting most of the money. Our analysis shows a top-heavy trend, with 10 out of the 33 markets holding 82.1% of total trading volume and the remaining 23 markets sharing just 16.8%.


Bettors are putting money on the possibility of a ceasefire, whether the Iranian regime will fall by Mar. 31, who will replace the Supreme Leader of Iran, and every other possibility under the sun. There are at least 66 open Iran-related markets on Polymarket, and 11 on Kalshi.